I can offer you all that Ryan promised and more.
I'm going to turn Red Moon into the largest pack on this continent, and you can be yarny now.
I'm not an idiot. I know you and Garnet hate me.
Well, guess what? The feeling is mutual.
You hate me?
Yes, and I never want to see you again.
That's the truth.
Yes.
I see.
Wait! You never told me how to wake up my wolf spirit!
Garnet?
Avery, perhaps I can help?
Why would you be nice to me now?
Because I'm sick of you hanging around.
I'll help you find your wolf spirit.
I mean, you can run along with your little mate, and be out of my life and my brothers forever.
Deal? Deal!
Follow me.
My dad said he found you in the woods, glowing all over.
But the moment he picked you up, the glow vanished.
Maybe the secret to your wolf is hidden in there.
So my parents used to live there? You shouldn't go find out.
Just a bit of wolf Spain. Enjoy!
Wolf Spain?
Avery, wake up.
We save us. Can't hold on any longer.
Our mate is in danger.
Sense it. What if it's another trick?
What if it's real?
Ryan, it's a life.
All right. Saver, and cut them on.
Are you here to see me?
Get off.
Avery, wake up.
You're reaping. You suck!
No mate, no!
Doctor, you have to save her.
Alpha, the wolf's manes gone deep into her bones.
There's nothing more.
You have to.
You're the best doctor in North America, right?
Saver!
Alpha, it's wolf Spain.
I don't care.
Do what it takes, Saver!
Quark. Get out.
Get out.
Everybody, get out!
We haven't held the loonus here in the morning yet.
Oh, my God.
It's all too late.
Alpha, tire pack.
I made a promise to my parents.
I'd take care of this pack.
But I also made a promise that I'd protect kitten.
This is our entire business.
The pack's stable for 300 years.
And this way, I can go and save her,
knowing it's in good hands.
The right hands.
It just died.
Kate in the face.
Okay.
Where's Ryan?
Saverie.
Alpha is outside waiting for you.
Take me to home.
This isn't a funny joke.
It's not a joke.
Alpha, he absorbed all the wolfsbane to save you.
But it's dead.
And we should let him rest.
No, he saved me and I could do the same for him.
Tell me how.
No, no.
The shaman said that only alphas can use that method.
And it's a one-time deal.
You said you're always gonna be there.
Calm down.
Get off me.
You promised.
Miss Avery, calm down.
Get off me!
The Silver Wolf spirit.
It appears once every one hundred years.
Is none of them.
Have the strongest wolf spirit.
You are our last hope to save Alpha Ryan.
They say the Silver Wolf is the strongest of all healing powers.
And the Silver Glow is a blessing to all beings.
Alpha, come back to us.
It's so funny.
You almost died.
What was I supposed to do without you?
But I'm still kicking, aren't I?
In my wildest dreams did I think of my little kitten.
It would be a once-in-a-century wolf.
I'm a pretty lucky guy to have a Silver Wolf Luna.
Aren't I?
You already have the strongest pack in North America.
You don't need a Silver Wolf.
I don't.
I just need you.
I'm clean because of you.
The Heartless Alpha claims to be incomplete.
By Heartless, the truth is I was actually born without a heart.
This is the gift that you gave me.
So this watch is...
Was... your heart.
I always wondered why you carried it around.
Kitten, what do you make?
What do you mean?
Let's hold the Luna ceremony tomorrow.
I don't want to wait till next month.
Tomorrow.
After everything that's happened,
I can't bear the thought of being away from you.
I'm for a second.
I haven't broken up with my faded mate yet.
Okay.
I know what you're worried about.
But your wolf spirit has awakened.
It's you.
It's us.
Alpha of Silver Street Pack.
Take you.
Avery Blake.
As my Luna.
And I.
Avery Blake.
Take you.
Ryan Blake.
As my Alpha.